<mediawiki xmlns="http://www.mediawiki.org/xml/export-0.3/" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.mediawiki.org/xml/export-0.3/ http://www.mediawiki.org/xml/export-0.3.xsd" version="0.3" xml:lang="en">
  <siteinfo>
    <sitename>sbgn.org</sitename>
    <base>http://www.sbgn.org/Main_Page</base>
    <generator>MediaWiki 1.12.0</generator>
    <case>first-letter</case>
      <namespaces>
      <namespace key="-2">Media</namespace>
      <namespace key="-1">Special</namespace>
      <namespace key="0" />
      <namespace key="1">Talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="2">User</namespace>
      <namespace key="3">User talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="4">sbgn.org</namespace>
      <namespace key="5">sbgn.org talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="6">Image</namespace>
      <namespace key="7">Image talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="8">MediaWiki</namespace>
      <namespace key="9">MediaWiki talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="10">Template</namespace>
      <namespace key="11">Template talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="12">Help</namespace>
      <namespace key="13">Help talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="14">Category</namespace>
      <namespace key="15">Category talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="274">Widget</namespace>
      <namespace key="275">Widget talk</namespace>
    </namespaces>
  </siteinfo>
  <page>
    <title>Editors Telecon 19 Jan 2015</title>
    <id>1005</id>
    <revision>
      <id>3938</id>
      <timestamp>2015-01-19T22:50:29Z</timestamp>
      <contributor>
        <username>Huaiyumi</username>
        <id>18</id>
      </contributor>
      <comment>New page: ==Welcome Augustin and Robin to the SBGN Editorial Board==  ==Specification== * AF is ready to release. ER is almost ready. There are still some work for PD. * The original idea was to hav...</comment>
      <text xml:space="preserve">==Welcome Augustin and Robin to the SBGN Editorial Board==

==Specification==
* AF is ready to release. ER is almost ready. There are still some work for PD.
* The original idea was to have a bundled release of all three languages. Due to additional work needed to PD. AF and ER should be released by themselves without waiting for PD.

==SBOL collaboration==
* Recap the COMBINE meeting minutes, subsequent email exchanges and SBOL symbols.
* SM showed his slides about stereotype slides at the last SBGN workshop.
* The use of stereotype in SBGN has not been approved by the community. This will be a good test case.
* Action items:
** HM will contact SBOL (Matthew) to arrange a meeting.
** Once the meeting is scheduled, it will be announced to the discussion list so anyone interested from the community should participate.

==Responsibilities==
* SM made a proposal below for editor responsibilities.
** Three editors responsible for 3 specifications. AS was responsible for ER. He stepped down, so someone needs to take care of it.
** Two other editors will provide support, for example, libSBGN support and SBOL collaboration.
** It would be nice if someone can take care of PD because this is SM's last year as an editor. Some overlap time to transition is helpful.
* All editors thought it was a good proposal. Will take some time to think about it. Probably finalize at the next call.
* Tentatively, RH will take over PD, AL will take over ER. HM will continue with AF, but will need help from everyone about SBOL implementation. TC will continue with libSBGN.

==SBGN webpage updates==
* TC will update the about page.
* Need photos and a short bio from everyone.
* Per Nicolas's suggestion, will make the former editors more prominent. Probably will add their photos, etc.

==HARMONY==
* TC: Quite a few SBOL members have registered. Will be a good time to get some work done.
* SM is planning to go. RH and AL won't go due to schedule conflict and lack of travel support. HM has not decided.</text>
    </revision>
  </page>
</mediawiki>
