<mediawiki xmlns="http://www.mediawiki.org/xml/export-0.3/" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.mediawiki.org/xml/export-0.3/ http://www.mediawiki.org/xml/export-0.3.xsd" version="0.3" xml:lang="en">
  <siteinfo>
    <sitename>sbgn.org</sitename>
    <base>http://www.sbgn.org/Main_Page</base>
    <generator>MediaWiki 1.12.0</generator>
    <case>first-letter</case>
      <namespaces>
      <namespace key="-2">Media</namespace>
      <namespace key="-1">Special</namespace>
      <namespace key="0" />
      <namespace key="1">Talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="2">User</namespace>
      <namespace key="3">User talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="4">sbgn.org</namespace>
      <namespace key="5">sbgn.org talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="6">Image</namespace>
      <namespace key="7">Image talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="8">MediaWiki</namespace>
      <namespace key="9">MediaWiki talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="10">Template</namespace>
      <namespace key="11">Template talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="12">Help</namespace>
      <namespace key="13">Help talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="14">Category</namespace>
      <namespace key="15">Category talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="274">Widget</namespace>
      <namespace key="275">Widget talk</namespace>
    </namespaces>
  </siteinfo>
  <page>
    <title>Editors Telecon 04 Nov 2013</title>
    <id>962</id>
    <revision>
      <id>3675</id>
      <timestamp>2013-11-04T20:55:36Z</timestamp>
      <contributor>
        <username>Tczauderna</username>
        <id>67</id>
      </contributor>
      <comment>/* How to move things along for L2? */</comment>
      <text xml:space="preserve">Present: 

* Tobias Czauderna (TC)
* Stuart Moodie (SM)
* Anatoly Sorokin (AS)
* Falk Schreiber (FS)

== Organisation survey prize ==

SM: We need to draw the winner.

FS, SM, AS: Do it during the Editors meeting in Gatersleben, record a video, and put in on the website.

== What to do with the survey info? Paper? Report on the website? ==

FS: What could be done in further promoting SBGN? Astrid did the paper survey, Stuart organised the user survey.

FS, SM: We should definitely put it on the website.

AS: Paper: short communication in Science, Nature?

SM: Write a joint paper for the paper survey and the user survey.

TC: We should go for a journal addressing the user base of SBGN.

FS: How about PLoS ONE?

AS: See here as an example [http://www.nature.com/nbt/journal/v25/n4/full/nbt0407-390.html http://www.nature.com/nbt/journal/v25/n4/full/nbt0407-390.html]

FS: See here as another example [http://www.plosone.org/article/info%3Adoi%2F10.1371%2Fjournal.pone.0007824 http://www.plosone.org/article/info%3Adoi%2F10.1371%2Fjournal.pone.0007824]

FS, SM, AS, TC: Have a short paper about the surveys. Investigate where to go.

== Planning of the Editors meeting in Gatersleben (Germany) ==

TC: Work on the next versions of the specifications.

FS: Should we prepare a short list of tasks?

FS: Review of the specifications needed.

SM, TC: We have a list of tasks for the PD specification.

AS: I have put in everything from former discussions in the ER specification.

FS: I'm going to review the AF specification and discuss with Huaiyu if necessary.

TC: I will go through all the three specs.

FS, SM, AS, TC: Agreed to try to finish the next versions of the specs during the meeting.

== Meeting plans for next year ==

FS: Huaiyu might have some additional funding for two extra days for SBGN during next COMBINE. I will send a mail to ask.

SM: Maybe organise an extra day during HARMONY.

TC: Next HARMONY runs from 22nd to 25th of April 2014 (Tue to Fri).

SM: Discuss it during the meeting in Gatersleben.

== Organisation of the vote for a new editor ==

SM: Need to get nominations. Time frame should be two or three weeks for nominations and two or three weeks for the vote.

TC: I will set up a form on SurveyMonkey for the nominations. I will send a mail to the list.

TC: What are the deadlines?

FS: Start nominations next week.

AS: Deadline for the nominations should be 1st of December.

AS: Nominations from 11th to 24th of November, 25th of November to 1st of December to contact nominees, 2nd to 16th of December for the vote.

SM: We should be clear about the rules, especially when it comes to a tie. I will send a mail with the rules from the 2011 vote.

== Website for &quot;Pathway of the Month&quot; ==

FS: Huaiyu wanted to set up everything but couldn't create a new page.

FS: We should have a history similar to the &quot;Symbol of the Month&quot;. Currently there is an entry on the main page and the page for the current &quot;Pathway of the Month&quot;.

SM: Create a history for the &quot;Pathway of the Month&quot;, put a link on the main page to the history of &quot;Symbol of the Month&quot; and to the history of &quot;Pathway of the Month&quot;.

FS: I'm going to do it.

== How to move things along for L2? ==

FS: Let's discuss it during the meeting in Gatersleben.

SM: Should be a discussion about the organisation of the development of L2.</text>
    </revision>
  </page>
</mediawiki>
