<mediawiki xmlns="http://www.mediawiki.org/xml/export-0.3/" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.mediawiki.org/xml/export-0.3/ http://www.mediawiki.org/xml/export-0.3.xsd" version="0.3" xml:lang="en">
  <siteinfo>
    <sitename>sbgn.org</sitename>
    <base>http://www.sbgn.org/Main_Page</base>
    <generator>MediaWiki 1.12.0</generator>
    <case>first-letter</case>
      <namespaces>
      <namespace key="-2">Media</namespace>
      <namespace key="-1">Special</namespace>
      <namespace key="0" />
      <namespace key="1">Talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="2">User</namespace>
      <namespace key="3">User talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="4">sbgn.org</namespace>
      <namespace key="5">sbgn.org talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="6">Image</namespace>
      <namespace key="7">Image talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="8">MediaWiki</namespace>
      <namespace key="9">MediaWiki talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="10">Template</namespace>
      <namespace key="11">Template talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="12">Help</namespace>
      <namespace key="13">Help talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="14">Category</namespace>
      <namespace key="15">Category talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="274">Widget</namespace>
      <namespace key="275">Widget talk</namespace>
    </namespaces>
  </siteinfo>
  <page>
    <title>Editors Telecon 04 Mar 2013</title>
    <id>881</id>
    <revision>
      <id>3324</id>
      <timestamp>2013-03-04T20:53:36Z</timestamp>
      <contributor>
        <username>Falkschreiber</username>
        <id>15</id>
      </contributor>
      <comment>/* next TC */</comment>
      <text xml:space="preserve">Present: 

* Alice Vill&amp;eacute;ger (AV)
* Tobias Czauderna (TC)
* Stuart Moodie (SM)
* Anatoly Sorokin (AS)
* Falk Schreiber (FS)

== SBGN workshop ==

Report SM
* Aim of the meeting: kick-start SBGN, content of next level of SBGN (Level 2)
* 20 people to come (most of the invited people)
* Date: 29/04 - 02/05
* accommodation, food, venue all set
* agend for meeting (will be discussed via email)

Co-meeting
* Editor-Meeting: yes, include Alice via skype

== Responsibilities ==

Lead work on SBGN aspects (Who takes responsibility for which part)
* PD: Stuart
* ER: Anatoly
* AF: Falk
* libSBGN / SBGN-ML: Tobias
* Web / sourceforge: Alice
* editor meetings: Falk
* mailing lists: Stuart + Falk

== Structure of specs and user manuals in sourceforge ==

Currently inconsistencies in the usage of trunk and branches, e.g.
* PD--&gt;branches/L1V1.2 Revisions contains PDF 1.3
* PD--&gt;branches/Level1.1 contains 1.0
* trunk/Specification contains file sbgn_PD-level1.pdf (maybe better sbgn_PD-level1.v2.0.pdf ?)
* better naming for versions of UserManual
* AF branches is empty

Discussion of different ways to structure it

We need a short documentation / README of the structure (should be located in the root directory or in the wiki): Suart will take care of this

== One day online / skype meeting ==

Yes, but difficult to find good time

SM: Maybe Friday + Saturday

SM: doodle call for a Friday/Saturday, in April

Anatoly will set up doodle call

== SBGN Web ==

AV: nothing new to report

SM: suggestions for web site: 
* background
* wiki system 
* hosting arrangements

== Tool overview ==

Tobias will do an initial list / proposal

== Symbol of the Month ==

Nicolas would be happy to continue

== T-shirt ==

We need creative idea
* Map?
* Logo?

Ask around about further ideas

SM: costs? 

Not very high (5 to 15 Euro) including T-shirt
* Alice will do some research

Anatoly takes care of design

== How to increase user base ==

* Survey how SBGN is used
* Tutorials at conferences
* Put it in email, on facebook etc
* (Part of) summer schools

There are some courses given 
* AS: gives courses about SBGN
* TC / FS: included into courses

SM: will compile survey (Alexander did a survey)

SM: How people use it, how they think about it, how it could be improved, what shall we focus on for level 2

AV: We should adress people who publish none-SBGN maps (why, what are problems with SBGN, etc)

== SBGN contest ==

Discussion if new contest (e.g. for COMBINE) should be done

SM: Questionary (given diagrams, what is meaning)

AS: Diagrams with three descriptions - which is the right one; one description with three diagrams - which is the right one

FS: Diagram test during SBGN meeting? -&gt; to be discussed during next TC

== next TC ==

(in 4 weeks time)
Tues., 02.04. 
* 7:00pm UK
* 8:00pm Germany
* 10:00pm Russia</text>
    </revision>
  </page>
</mediawiki>
