<mediawiki xmlns="http://www.mediawiki.org/xml/export-0.3/" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.mediawiki.org/xml/export-0.3/ http://www.mediawiki.org/xml/export-0.3.xsd" version="0.3" xml:lang="en">
  <siteinfo>
    <sitename>sbgn.org</sitename>
    <base>http://www.sbgn.org/Main_Page</base>
    <generator>MediaWiki 1.12.0</generator>
    <case>first-letter</case>
      <namespaces>
      <namespace key="-2">Media</namespace>
      <namespace key="-1">Special</namespace>
      <namespace key="0" />
      <namespace key="1">Talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="2">User</namespace>
      <namespace key="3">User talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="4">sbgn.org</namespace>
      <namespace key="5">sbgn.org talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="6">Image</namespace>
      <namespace key="7">Image talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="8">MediaWiki</namespace>
      <namespace key="9">MediaWiki talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="10">Template</namespace>
      <namespace key="11">Template talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="12">Help</namespace>
      <namespace key="13">Help talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="14">Category</namespace>
      <namespace key="15">Category talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="274">Widget</namespace>
      <namespace key="275">Widget talk</namespace>
    </namespaces>
  </siteinfo>
  <page>
    <title>LibSBGN/MinutesSep2011</title>
    <id>786</id>
    <revision>
      <id>3012</id>
      <timestamp>2012-11-05T17:13:43Z</timestamp>
      <contributor>
        <username>Tczauderna</username>
        <id>67</id>
      </contributor>
      <comment>New page: Present: Katja Wegner, Gael Jalowicki, Frank Bergmann, Tobias Czauderna, Martijn van Iersel, Augustin Luna, Falk Schreiber, Huaiyu Mi, Stuart Moodie, Anatoly Sorokin, Akira Funahasi, Yukik...</comment>
      <text xml:space="preserve">Present: Katja Wegner, Gael Jalowicki, Frank Bergmann, Tobias Czauderna, Martijn van Iersel, Augustin Luna, Falk Schreiber, Huaiyu Mi, Stuart Moodie, Anatoly Sorokin, Akira Funahasi, Yukiko Matsuoka

== Java constants ==

* We'd like constants for the possible values of the class attributes in LibSBGN.
* Martijn proposed to add meta-data to each constant (such as the corresponding SBO term, corresponding SBGN language, etc.). After some discussion it was decided to keep things simple. ACTION - Martijn will write the code for the constants.
* In the future, we could store meta-data in a way that is independent of the programming language
* For the future, Frank requested derived classes to be defined that automatically set the correct clazz value - e.g. `map.addGlyph (new MacroMolecule())`

== Extensions ==

* Naming: why are they named &lt;extensions&gt; and not &lt;annotations&gt;, as in SBML? Reason: the term annotations is overloaded, it is also a glyph type.
* Can code for extensions be added to the repository? We could add them to a new &quot;util&quot; or &quot;contrib&quot; directory (that doesn't exist yet).

== End-points of lines ==

* Falk demonstrated that it is sometimes advantageous to let a line end at the center of a target node instead of at the edge, because otherwise you may see a wedge-shaped gap if the line is very thick and not perpendicular to the glyph. However, this does not address the issue of defining the width of the whitespace gap.
* Katja proposed an alternative solution where there is a bounding box around the arrowhead and the whitespace gap together.
* Frank and Martijn re-iterated the current definition of end-points of lines (see red dots in attached diagram)
* Frank requested a list of which arrowheads should go on the start or the end of each arc to be added to the documentation.

== MIRIAM support ==

* MIRIAM can already be supported by putting an RDF block inside &lt;extension&gt; tags.
* As in SBML, MIRIAM RDF blocks can not / do not have to be on the glyph that they relate to. Therefore, an optional id is necessary, especially on &lt;map&gt;
* ACTION: Martijn will add an optional meta-ID.

== Validation ==

* At a different COMBINE session, standardization of validator output will be discussed (NB, this has resulted in the CombineVRL project).
* Augustin proposed a method for referencing rules, e.g. &quot;sbgn-pd-L1V1.3-3.4#1&quot;. Another solution is to put this in human-readable description.
* Severity levels: Augustin proposed &quot;error&quot;, &quot;warning&quot;, &quot;not-implemented&quot; and &quot;untestable&quot;. The latter two have a place-holder function, and will not normally be shown by software.
* Unit-testing validation: Augustin suggested to name test-cases as SBML does: pdXXXXX-pass-N.sbgn and pdXXXXX-fail-N.sbgn. You need both a positive and a negative case, because of dependencies between some rules.

== Documentation ==

* Falk offered to help review documentation. Please send around a request for review before the release.
* When M2 is released, documentation should be more clearly linked from sbgn.org

== Bbox on map ==

* It has been requested before to store the drawing canvas. This can be used to define a whitespace margin around the elements on the page. Stuart and Martijn requested this to be a bbox instead of a simple width, height pair. ACTION martijn will implement this.

== Release ==

* Do in two steps: announce API/XSD freeze before final release, In the intervening period, documentation can be reviewed.
* Aiming for a release end of October / Halloween.</text>
    </revision>
  </page>
</mediawiki>
