<mediawiki xmlns="http://www.mediawiki.org/xml/export-0.3/" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.mediawiki.org/xml/export-0.3/ http://www.mediawiki.org/xml/export-0.3.xsd" version="0.3" xml:lang="en">
  <siteinfo>
    <sitename>sbgn.org</sitename>
    <base>http://www.sbgn.org/Main_Page</base>
    <generator>MediaWiki 1.12.0</generator>
    <case>first-letter</case>
      <namespaces>
      <namespace key="-2">Media</namespace>
      <namespace key="-1">Special</namespace>
      <namespace key="0" />
      <namespace key="1">Talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="2">User</namespace>
      <namespace key="3">User talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="4">sbgn.org</namespace>
      <namespace key="5">sbgn.org talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="6">Image</namespace>
      <namespace key="7">Image talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="8">MediaWiki</namespace>
      <namespace key="9">MediaWiki talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="10">Template</namespace>
      <namespace key="11">Template talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="12">Help</namespace>
      <namespace key="13">Help talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="14">Category</namespace>
      <namespace key="15">Category talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="274">Widget</namespace>
      <namespace key="275">Widget talk</namespace>
    </namespaces>
  </siteinfo>
  <page>
    <title>LibSBGN/MinutesOct2010</title>
    <id>778</id>
    <revision>
      <id>3004</id>
      <timestamp>2012-11-05T17:01:32Z</timestamp>
      <contributor>
        <username>Tczauderna</username>
        <id>67</id>
      </contributor>
      <comment>New page: Meeting Notes, October 7, 2010, During COMBINE in Edinburgh  Present: Emek Demir, Stuart Moodie, Anatoly , Gary Bader, Martijn van  Iersel, Alice Vileger, Tobias Czauderna, Falk Schreiber,...</comment>
      <text xml:space="preserve">Meeting Notes, October 7, 2010, During COMBINE in Edinburgh

Present: Emek Demir, Stuart Moodie, Anatoly , Gary Bader, Martijn van 
Iersel, Alice Vileger, Tobias Czauderna, Falk Schreiber, Huaiyu Mi, 
Augustin Luna

= Curved Arcs =

* Several proposals have been discussed on the mailing list, and the 
feeling is that we're getting close to a final resolution.
* With regards to specifying segment type (straight, quadratic or 
cubic), alice proposes to leave it out altogether, because this 
information can be derived from the number of control points (0, 1 or 2)
* &quot;controlPoint&quot; will be renamed to &quot;point&quot; for brevity.

= Clone marker labels / State val@var =

* Currently, clone marker labels are implemented with a second label 
element, whereas state labels are done using a specialized &quot;state&quot; tag 
with attributes variable and value. This is inconsistent because the 
former is &quot;graphical&quot;, the latter is &quot;semantical&quot;.
* Resolution: we go for semantical. The &quot;label&quot; for clone marker labels 
is replaced with a &quot;clone&quot; element, with an optional text attribute
* The &quot;clone&quot; attribute on glyphs is then redundant and will be removed.
* The &quot;role&quot; attribute on labels will be removed.
* The current implementation for state is left untouched.

= Label bounds proposal =

* The latest proposal made by Frank was accepted by everybody, the 
corresponding bug will be closed.

= Stoichiometry =

* Currently there is no way to create stoichiometry labels.
* It was decided to allow subglyphs on arcs for stoichiometry (just like 
we allow subglyphs on glyphs for &quot;state&quot; and &quot;unit of information&quot;)
* Position of stoichiometry markers is specified using absolute 
coordinates (and not e.g. relative positions on the arc)
* There was a whole discussion on what a stoichiometry marker on a 
curved line should look like, but a decision on this will have to be 
taken by the SBGN editors.

= Missing =

* We did not have time to discuss the issue of Compartments &amp; Complex 
containment unfortunately.
* We also did not have time to talk about a release plan

= Next Meeting =

Next meeting will be an online meeting (EU-USA time) in November.</text>
    </revision>
  </page>
</mediawiki>
