<mediawiki xmlns="http://www.mediawiki.org/xml/export-0.3/" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.mediawiki.org/xml/export-0.3/ http://www.mediawiki.org/xml/export-0.3.xsd" version="0.3" xml:lang="en">
  <siteinfo>
    <sitename>sbgn.org</sitename>
    <base>http://www.sbgn.org/Main_Page</base>
    <generator>MediaWiki 1.12.0</generator>
    <case>first-letter</case>
      <namespaces>
      <namespace key="-2">Media</namespace>
      <namespace key="-1">Special</namespace>
      <namespace key="0" />
      <namespace key="1">Talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="2">User</namespace>
      <namespace key="3">User talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="4">sbgn.org</namespace>
      <namespace key="5">sbgn.org talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="6">Image</namespace>
      <namespace key="7">Image talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="8">MediaWiki</namespace>
      <namespace key="9">MediaWiki talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="10">Template</namespace>
      <namespace key="11">Template talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="12">Help</namespace>
      <namespace key="13">Help talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="14">Category</namespace>
      <namespace key="15">Category talk</namespace>
      <namespace key="274">Widget</namespace>
      <namespace key="275">Widget talk</namespace>
    </namespaces>
  </siteinfo>
  <page>
    <title>LibSBGN/MinutesMar2011</title>
    <id>782</id>
    <revision>
      <id>3008</id>
      <timestamp>2012-11-05T17:07:56Z</timestamp>
      <contributor>
        <username>Tczauderna</username>
        <id>67</id>
      </contributor>
      <comment>New page: LibSBGN Meeting notes, March 10 2011  Present: Alice, Anatoly, Augustin, Falk, Martijn, Tobias  = Report from Gatersleben =  * Alice, Tobias, Martijn and Falk met in Gatersleben. We worked...</comment>
      <text xml:space="preserve">LibSBGN Meeting notes, March 10 2011

Present: Alice, Anatoly, Augustin, Falk, Martijn, Tobias

= Report from Gatersleben =

* Alice, Tobias, Martijn and Falk met in Gatersleben. We worked on ER implementation, which resulted in several test cases and proposals. 
* We also started writing up a manuscript.
** Anatoly asks if the library is mature enough for publication? - It is definitely mature enough for somebody who wants to add SBGN-ML support to a tool. Our main goal now is to draw new developers.
** Augustin is in favor, he remarks that validation will be important for the reviewers.
** Which journal to choose? 

ACTION: Falk will send a presubmission enquiry.

= Discussion of proposals =

== Proposals 1 and 3 ==

* Anatoly remarks that proposal 1 and 3 have the issue that the position of the port could be outside the parent arc, this must be validated. Alice: yes, and we've seen this problem in PD with arcs pointing to process nodes, the coordinates of the arc don't have to match the coordinates of the port.
* Anatoly asks who is responsible for validation, the reader or the writer? - Both must do validation. You have to validate upon reading because external files could be corrupted. You have to validate upon writing to guard against bugs in your own code. 
* Anatoly asks if SBGN-ML can be used to store a graph without coordinates? - Alice: no it was decided a long time ago that this is outside the scope of LibSBGN.

Proposals 1 and 3 are passed without further discussion.

== Proposals 2 and 4 ==

* Regarding proposal 2, the part before the implicit xor in an assignment arc doesn't really have a name, although it has its own look (i.e. no arrow head)
* For proposal 4, there are two options to group elements belonging to an interaction. 4a  proposes a utility function, 4b proposes a grouping element
** Solution 4b has the advantage of being platform-independent
** 4b looks a bit like a hyperedge
** If we go for 4b, we might also want to revisit the solution for proposal 2, which has a similar hyperedge-like quality

ACTION: Alice will raise naming of assignment arcs to the SBGN editors.

ACTION: Martijn will adjust proposal 2, and put 4a and 4b up for a vote.

== Proposal 5 ==

* Proposal 5: there isn't much opposition to this proposal anymore. Anatoly recognizes the extra effort that maintaining multiple namespaces bring.
* GraphML was brought up. Why don't we use GraphML?
** GraphML must be heavily extended for our purposes, these extensions will be proprietary (from a non-LibSBGN standpoint).
** Tobias: exchange of GraphML between tools doesn't work in practice.
** GraphML doesn't have tool support that is as good as XML proper.

ACTION: Martijn will put up proposal 5 for a vote for confirmation

= Validation =

* We want to build a validation layer with schematron. For each validation rule, we'll need
** an identifier
** textual description
** A schematron rule
** SBGN-ML negative test-case
** SBGN-ML positive test-case
* We'll start gathering rules on this wiki page: [[LibSBGN/ValidationRules|ValidationRules]]
** For Alice, this can go hand in hand with her SBGN editorial duties. 
** According to Augustin, textual description can be stored in schematron xml. 
** Augustin also suggests to also include &quot;warning rules&quot; for usage that is not wrong but goes against recommendation.
* A schematron rule and ant target to run is already checked into subversion by Augustin

ACTION: everybody can start adding rules to the [[LibSBGN/ValidationRules|ValidationRules]] wiki page

ACTION: Martijn and Augustin will create a [[LibSBGN/SchematronHowto|SchematronHowto]] wiki page

ACTION: everybody: read up on schematron before Harmony, start playing with a couple of rules.

= Roadmap =

* After the release, we have to update our Roadmap. After some discussion, we came up with this:
** Milestone 2: Support for ER and AF. Addition of schematron validation rules. Release targeted around COMBINE 2011.
** Milestone 3: Detailed graphical specification, and extensibility
** Milestone 4: Annotations, linking with external models (e.g. BioPAX), and MIRIAM compliance.
* Extensibility support, i.e. opening SBGN-ML to third-party extensions, was briefly discussed.
** Advantage: allows to support more use cases, which can draw in more users
** Disadvantage: if an extension becomes too popular, this might cause the same issues as any non-standard format.
** Falk: let's put exensibility support in M3, after finalizing ER and AF support.

= Bug tracker update =

* The bug tracker was quickly updated to reflect the new roadmap.

= Harmony =

* During the Harmony meeting in NY we'll try to set aside a session just for creating rules. This could be any day but Friday, as Falk has to leave early.
* We'll also set up an informal dinner on Sunday evening, for those who are there.

= Final items =

* There won't be another online meeting before Harmony.
* A recording of this meeting is available from Martijn upon request.</text>
    </revision>
  </page>
</mediawiki>
